Add SDK Python V2 Snippets (#1094)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/online-payments/marketplace/checkout-api/create-marketplace.en.md

You need to send your `notification_url`, where you will receive a notification of all new payments and status updates generated.

> In order to receive notifications when your clients authorize your application, you can [configure the url](https://www.mercadopago.com/mla/account/webhooks) in your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to receive notifications when your clients authorize your application, you can [configure the url](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/panel/notifications) in your account.
```
La URL nueva es /developers/panel/notifications, creo que acá hubo algún problema de merge
